
I spent a few minutes to make a first vex2 file.  Note that this is about 
as simple as it will get, but it does hae essentially all of the elements 
that will need changing.

The EXTENSIONS block is where the required comment fields go.  Note that 
I've named the EXTENSIONS block to match that of the IF block -- that is 
intentional as there will be a 1 to 1 correspondence between these.

You can use "diff" to see the full set of changes.

Note that this is an example for a file with a single VDIF channel.  Next 
I will generate an example of a Mark5B format version.

Here is a summary of the changes:

1. top line: change 1.5 to 2.0  (vex version)

2. in the MODE block: remove reference to three outdated blocks: HEAD_POS, 
ROLL, and PASS_ORDER

3. in the MODE block: add reference to the appropriate EXTENSIONS .  This 
should be exactly analogous to the $IF block.  Note that as of now the 
EXTENSIONS block, as used here, applies only to VLBA antennas.  I think 
the logic is probably already in sched for the IF block.

4. in the MODE block: reference a DATASTREAMS block, not a TRACKS block

5. in the ANTENNA block: the pointing_sector parameter needs a final 
field.  It is somewhat redundant with the first field, but in vex the 
first field (with the &) is an internal reference and the last one is the 
corresopnding name.

6. in the IF block: the formerly required comment is no longer needed.

7. the TRACKS section is replaced with the DATASTREAMS section

8. The HEAD_POS, PASS_ORDER, and ROLL blocks are removed

9. The EXTENSIONS block is added.

10. in the if_def lines ($IF block), the second parameter should be left
blank.

11. in the if_def block, the receiver name is included in the "receiver_name"
parameter.  The value is the same as the third comment parameter from the
existing "if_def" parameter.

Note that vex2script will need to learn how to use the values from the 
EXTENSIONS block.  The vex2 parser code that you have should already read 
the EXTENSIONS block and put them in the internal data structure.  I can 
provide some help on doing this if needed.  And when we do this, I think 
it would be a good idea to perform some extra sanity checking.  E.g., we 
should make sure that the synthesizer values are not inconsistent with the 
FREQ block.

